add type promotion English version. (#6673)
PaddlePaddle/docs: docs/guides/advanced/auto_type_promotion_en.md

Background
--------

Type promotion automatically determines the resulting data type when performing operations (+/-/*//) on different data types. This essential function facilitates data calculations between varied types.

Type promotion calculations are categorized based on the call method:

-  Operator Overloading: Uses operators directly for computations, such as a + b or a - b.

-  Binary API: Uses API functions for computations, such as paddle.add(a, b).

Data type promotion automatically handles type promotion without user intervention.

Type Promotion Rules
------------------------------

The scope and rules of type promotion differ between Tensor-to-Tensor and Tensor-to-Scalar operations. The following will be introduced separately.

 ```python

    import paddle

    a = paddle.rand([3,3], dtype = 'float16')
    b = paddle.rand([3,3], dtype = 'float32')
    print (a + b) # when both a and b is tensor, treats as Tensor-to-Tensor

    a = paddle.rand([3,3], dtype = 'float16')
    b = 1.0
    print (a + b) # when either a or b is Scalar, treats as Tensor-to-Scalar

 ```

> 1. Type Promotion Rulse in Tensor-to-Tensor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Type Promotion Rules in Tensor-to-Tensor
```

> -  In model training, computations between different data types are usually limited to floating-point types. To help users quickly troubleshoot type-related issues, automatic type promotion between Tensors only supports floating-point types and calculations between complex and real numbers. The result type is the larger of the two input types. More Details show in this table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  In model training, computations between different data types are usually limited to floating-point types. To help users quickly troubleshoot type-related issues, automatic type promotion between Tensors will only support calculations between floating-point types, as well as between complex and real numbers. The principle is to return the larger data type of the two Tensors. More details are shown in the table below:
```

    b = paddle.rand([3,3], dtype = 'float32')
    c = a + b # type promotion will automatically occur, casting 'a' to float32, and no additional user actions required
    print (c.dtype) # the dtype of 'c' is float32

    a = paddle.rand([3,3], dtype = 'bfloat16')
    b = paddle.rand([3,3], dtype = 'float64')
    c = a + b # type promotion will automatically occur, casting 'a' to float64, and no additional user actions required
    print (c.dtype) # the dtype of 'c' is float64

    # Calculation between complex and real number
    a = paddle.ones([3,3], dtype = 'complex64')
    b = paddle.rand([3,3], dtype = 'float64')
    c = a + b # type promotion will automatically occur, casting both 'a' and 'b' to complex128, and no additional user actions required
    print (c.dtype) # the dtype of 'c' is complex128

    # Calculation between complex numbers
    a = paddle.ones([3,3], dtype = 'complex128')
    b = paddle.ones([3,3], dtype = 'complex64')
    c = a + b # type promotion will automatically occur, casting 'b' to complex128, and no additional user actions required
    print (c.dtype) # the dtype of 'c' is complex128

 ```

2. Type Promotion Rulse in Tensor-to-Scalar

> -  Type promotion in Tensor-to-Scalar supports all types. The principle is to promote towards the Tensor's type when the Scalar's broad type (both integer, both floating-point, etc.) matches. Otherwise, the result follows the Tensor-to-Tensor rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Type promotion between Tensor and Scalar supports all types. The principle is to promote towards the Tensor's type when the Scalar's broad type (both are integers or both are floating-point, etc.) matches. Otherwise, the result follows the Tensor-to-Tensor rules.
```
